Replace controller with control node (#352)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/os_guide/windows_winrm.rst

    [realms]

Add the full domain name and the fully qualified domain names of the primary

> and secondary Active Directory domain control nodes. It should look something

Reviewer: @gotmax23 - another one for your eagle eyes. I think in this file, they may need to stay controllers as it's talking about Active Directory, not Ansible?

Reviewer 2: I believe gotmax replied already but this line shouldn't change. AD domain controller is a different thing to the Ansible control node.

> and secondary Active Directory domain control nodes. It should look something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and secondary Active Directory domain controllers. It should look something
```

  with ``nslookup``. The same name should be returned when using ``nslookup``
  on the IP address.

> * The Ansible host's clock is synchronized with the domain control node. Kerberos

Reviewer: @gotmax23 same question here - is this referring to a windows thing and not an ansible control node?

Reviewer 2: yes. I would make it clear by stating "Active Directory domain controller"

> * The Ansible host's clock is synchronized with the domain control node. Kerberos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Ansible host's clock is synchronized with the AD domain controller. Kerberos
```
